Remove embedded ldap related content (#3264)
wso2/docs-is: en/docs/deploy/configure-a-jdbc-user-store.md

# Configure a JDBC Userstore

> WSO2 identity server uses embedded H2 database as the primary userstore.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WSO2 identity server uses the embedded H2 database as the primary user store.
```

##Configure the internal database as JDBC userstore. 

> You can use the default configuration in `<IS-HOME>/repository/conf/deployment.toml`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the default configurations in the `<IS-HOME>/repository/conf/deployment.toml`.
```
